- TODO Meeting with Shaddin
  DEADLINE:: [[Nov 23rd, 2022]]
  collapsed:: true
	- **Research Problem**: [[Citation Recommendation]] #[[graph mining]]
		- Construct a graph based on existing citation of your paper (BFS fashion), with diminishing edge weights based on the distances away from your paper, then find a max-weight tree using $k$ nodes.
		- [RefSeeR](https://clgiles.ist.psu.edu/pubs/JCDL2014-refseer.pdf): deals with long queries, based on keyword matching, similar to a search engine.
			- Citation context -- not only the sentence where a citation is made but the sentence above and below it is also important.
			- **Global recommendation and local recommendation.**
				- global recommendation supervises local recommendation
			- Runtime: quadratic
		- TheAdvisor: takes a partial list of bibliography as input query, uses citation graph information.
			- Direction-aware Random Walk with Restart (DaRWR)
			- Sparse matrix computation $\implies$ high computational expense
	- **Research Problem**: QD Theory
	- **PhD application**
		- Importance of ...
			- EHR, Bachelor Thesis?
			- REU?
			- Fellowship?
			- Publication?
			- PhD Classes?
		- Theoretical CS?
		- Is it bad to have diversified interests?
		- How does professors think of students who are looking for research opportunity?
	- **CSCI-672**
		- CSCI-672 time commitment -- EE-510 depends on this.
	- **CSCI-699**?
- TODO Apply to [The Viterbi Tsinghua Undergraduate Summer Research Program](https://studenttravelabroad.usc.edu/index.cfm?FuseAction=Programs.ViewProgramAngular&id=10063)
  DEADLINE:: [[Dec 2nd, 2022]]
- TODO Provost Summary Report
  DEADLINE:: [[Dec 1st, 2022]]
- TODO RIPS-LA or RIPS-Singapore
  DEADLINE:: [[Feb 13th, 2023]]
- TODO Apply to W.V.T.
  collapsed:: true
  :LOGBOOK:
  CLOCK: [2022-11-19 Sat 04:11:52]--[2022-11-19 Sat 04:11:53] =>  00:00:01
  :END:
	- **What is your motivation for being in the Engineering Honors Program?** {{renderer :wordcountchar_rueoaie}}
		- I want to apply my CS skills from lectures to real world problem. The program exposes me to frontier problems that we are facing. I hope this inspires me to pursue in-depth research in one or more of these problem. I am applying to PhD, so I also hope I can finalize my research direction here.
	- **How do you see the Honors Program benefiting you academically and professionally?** {{renderer :wordcountchar_keivmmkbl}}
		- CSCI-675 taught me continuous analytical techniques in theoretical computer science, and my work in quality diversity optimization at the ICAROS lab showed me how to apply discretization on continuous spaces. I want to combine them by applying CSCI-675 skills to solve the quality diversity problem.
	- **What are your long-term academic and/or professional goals after USC?** {{renderer :wordcountchar_edylqoase}}
		- My goals are to pursue a PhD in computer science and continue to work on my startup. For my PhD, I have yet to finalize my research direction. My startup helps consumers without technical background access and utilize cutting-edge computer graphics technology.
	- **What is your motivation for pursuing research or innovation?** {{renderer :wordcountchar_czlkiagv}}
		- I have two main goals: (1) pursue PhD in a research direction that I am interested in, and (2) build a company that makes cutting-edge research readily available to everybody. Both of these goals require me to be a professional researcher. To achieve either one of them, I need to have great insights in the problem at hand, and be able to criticize state-of-the-art developments, improving upon them.
	- **Are you currently involved in activities related to this track? (If yes, please explain)** {{renderer :wordcountchar_dkkgwazsh}}
		- I am currently working at the ICAROS lab at USC. My responsibility is maintaining and extending pyribs, an open-source Python library for quality diversity optimization (120+ stars on GitHub).
		- I am a co-founder of Licon Graphics. Recently I've been working on implementing stable diffusion model for high-fidelity and high-novelty subject-driven image generation. In the past, I also helped conceptualize and implement a 3D reconstruction pipeline based on state-of-the-art research in triangular mesh reconstruction, texture reconstruction, and radiance field reconstruction.