- **Theorem**: [[Independent Set]] is NP-Hard.
	- $IS \in NP$. Trivial proof.
	- IS is NP-Hard. That is, define a function $f$ which maps formulas $\Phi$ to instances $(G,k)$ of IS.
		- $\Phi$ has $n$ variables $x_1, \dots, x_n$ and $m$ clauses $c_1, \dots, c_n$.
		- In 3-SAT, decision is for each $c_j$ which liter is designated to satisfy $c_j$, we cannot simultaneously pick contradicting literals. In IS, decision is which nodes to pick; edges prevent us from picking pairs simultaneously.
		- For each clauses $c_j$, generate nodes for each literal. Add edges between literals that are negations of each other. To prevent picking multiple nodes corresponding to the same clause, also build a complete graph on nodes for any clause $c_j$. Finally, $k = m$.
		- Clearly poly-time
		- If $\Phi$ satisfiable, consider a satisfying assignment. Each clause has $\ge 1$ true literal. This means that we can pick corresponding nodes in $G$. At least $k$ nodes don't violate "clause edges", because we picked one per clause. No pair of conflicting literals is simultaneously true, so no violated conflict edges.
		- If $G$ has IS of size $\ge k$, then $\Phi$ is satisfiable. For each $v \in S$, set corresponding literals to true. This is valid because conflict edges prevent setting two opposite literals true. This is satisfying because we have $k$ nodes and at most one for each complete graph, so one true literal per clause.
- **Theorem**: [[Vertex Cover]] is NP-Hard.
	- $IS \in NP$. Check $|S| \ge k$ and $S$ is VC (poly).
	- VC is NP-Hard.
		- **Lemma**: $S$ is a VC iff $\bar{S}$ is a IS.
			- $S$ is a VC $\iff$ every edge $e$ has at least one endpoint in $S$.
			- $\bar{S}$ is a IS $\iff$ no edge has both endpoints in $\bar{S}$.
			- Every edge $e$ has at least one endpoint in $S$  $\iff$ no edge has both endpoints in $\bar{S}$.
- **Theorem**: [[Set Cover]] is NP-Hard.
	- $SC \in NP$. Trivial.
	- SC is NP-Hard. Show $VC \le_p SC$.
		- $U = E$; for each $v \in V$, create a set $S_v := \{e \text{ incident on } v\}$
		- $k$ remains the same.
		- Correctness writes itself.
- **Theorem**: [[3-Dimensional Matching]] is NP-Hard.
	-