- TODO Apply to W.V.T.
	- **What is your motivation for being in the Engineering Honors Program?** {{renderer :wordcountchar_rueoaie}}
		- I want to apply my CS skills from lectures to real world problem. The program exposes me to frontier problems that we are facing. I hope this inspires me to pursue in-depth research in one or more of these problem. I am applying to PhD, so I also hope I can finalize my research direction here.
	- **How do you see the Honors Program benefiting you academically and professionally?** {{renderer :wordcountchar_keivmmkbl}}
		- CSCI-675 taught me continuous analytical techniques in theoretical computer science, and my work in quality diversity optimization at the ICAROS lab showed me how to apply discretization on continuous spaces. I want to combine them by applying CSCI-675 skills to solve the quality diversity problem.
	- **What are your long-term academic and/or professional goals after USC?** {{renderer :wordcountchar_edylqoase}}
		- My goals are to pursue a PhD in computer science and continue to work on my startup. For my PhD, I have yet to finalize my research direction. My startup helps consumers without technical background access and utilize cutting-edge computer graphics technology.
	- **What is your motivation for pursuing research or innovation?** {{renderer :wordcountchar_czlkiagv}}
		- I have two main goals: (1) pursue PhD in a research direction that I am interested in, and (2) build a company that makes cutting-edge research readily available to everybody. Both of these goals require me to be a professional researcher. To achieve either one of them, I need to have great insights in the problem at hand, and be able to criticize state-of-the-art developments, improving upon them.
	- **Are you currently involved in activities related to this track? (If yes, please explain)** {{renderer :wordcountchar_dkkgwazsh}}
		- I am currently working at the ICAROS lab at USC. My responsibility is maintaining and extending pyribs, an open-source Python library for quality diversity optimization (120+ stars on GitHub).
		- I am a co-founder of Licon Graphics. Recently I've been working on implementing stable diffusion model for high-fidelity and high-novelty subject-driven image generation. In the past, I also helped conceptualize and implement a 3D reconstruction pipeline based on state-of-the-art research in triangular mesh reconstruction, texture reconstruction, and radiance field reconstruction.